Add 5.11 account recovery features (#2176)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/learn/configure-email-masking-pattern.md

# Configure Email Masking Pattern

> This page guides you through configuring the email masking regex pattern to mask the user's email address when the HTTP response body is returned during account recovery flows. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page guides you through configuring the email masking regex pattern to mask the user's email address returned in the HTTP response body for initiate password recovery API where notification based password recovery feature is enabled.
```
